While most people know that excess weight can be deadly, they also believe it&rsquo;s your own damn fault if you&rsquo;re overweight, according to a new survey that illuminates many problematic misconceptions about obesity in the U.S. In the 1,509-person survey, which was conducted by the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (ASMBS) and the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research at the University of Chicago, 58 percent of people said individuals are responsible for their own weight, despite the fact that 94 percent of survey participants who happened to be obese said they&rsquo;d tried to lose weight through diet and exercise with very little luck, some failing more than 20 times. It&rsquo;s no surprise that conventional weight loss methods don&rsquo;t work for most people with lots of weight to lose. After all, it&rsquo;s well documented that obesity is caused by a complex mix of genetic, environmental, emotional, and behavioral factors.To be clear, it&rsquo;s not that a few rounds of BBG won&rsquo;t help the average person lose a few pounds. It&rsquo;s that people with hundreds of pounds to lose often fail when they try shedding the weight on their own. And yet, 6 out of 10 people surveyed still believe that diet and exercise are more effective than weight loss surgery (nope!), while some 68 percent think it&rsquo;s safer to hang on to excess weight than undergo weight loss surgery (wrong again). It&rsquo;s myths like these that stop people who suffer from obesity from getting the medical help they need, a bad thing considering some weight problems can stem from underlying medical issues or the side effects of medication. And yet, only 12 percent of severely obese people surveyed said their doctors had mentioned weight loss surgery as a treatment option. Of course, that could be because few doctors learn how to counsel obese patients in medical school, according to obesity medicine specialist Scott Kahan, MD, an assistant professor at George Washington University and director of the National Center for Weight and Wellness obesity clinic, who spoke to the New York Times. But whatever the reason, obesity is pretty much the only deadly disease for which people are constantly urged to take treatment into their own hands. Meanwhile, the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) estimate that nearly 37 percent of adults in the U.S. are obese, a scary stat for medical experts in the know. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s frustrating to see doctors and the general public stigmatize patients with obesity and blame these patients, ascribing attributes of laziness or lack of willpower,&rdquo; obesity researcher Donna Ryan, MD, a professor emerita at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, who was not involved with the survey, told the New York Times. After all, when everyone mistakes obesity as a behavioral issue, overestimates the effectiveness of diet and weight loss, and fears surgical solutions (the most effective technique to date for long-term weight loss), they don&rsquo;t just perpetuate a culture that condones size bias. They end up with health outcomes that are bleak AF, like heightened risk of heart disease, type 2 diabetes, stroke, and some cancers, according to the CDC. The bottom line is that it&rsquo;s time to stop faulting others, or worse, blaming yourself when diet and exercise don't work for you, and start seeing obesity as a medical condition for which &mdash; lucky us! &mdash; there happens to be many effective treatment options besides willpower and a prayer.